# Ironleaf README

## Introduction
If you don't already know, Project Ironleaf is supposed to be a game that helps
teach kids about the importance of environmental conservation. For an in depth
introduction, read the google doc
[here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HhQErnrNDoxUpR7yLLR10mJFNeiB26RELpW2iAmQV38/edit).

## Project Structure
Everything that you edit should go under the "Assets" folder. Do not try to edit
the other folders, as they are all generated by Unity, and you'll probably break
something.

If you need more information about a particular folder, read the "README.md"
file in that folder

#### Folders (and their purposes)
All folders mentioned below are in the Assets folder.
* Audio
	* Literally just stores audio files for the project.
	* Currently only has undertale music used in the "Kitchen" scene
* Dialogue
	* Stores dialogue for character interactions
	* For information on how to write dialogue files, refer to the existing
	  example or read the documentation in the file,
	  "Assets/Scripts/DialogueManager"
* Fonts
	* Store custom fonts for ui text
* Images
	* Store misc images
	* For example:
		* Sprites
		* Backgrounds
		* Title Screen images
* JSON Tests
	* Remains of an external library
	* Probably useless
	* Too scared to remove
* plugins
	* External json library
	* Probably where future external libraries will be stored
* Resources
	* Unity is dumb af, so you literally cannot load any "Prefabs" unless they
	  are in a folder named "Resources"
	* Contains the rooms (e.g. Kitchen, Bedroom, etc.)
* Scenes
	* Organization of game
	* They kinda correspond to the storyboard of the game
* Scripts
	* Misc scripts for use in the game engine
	* More information about them is located in the README inside that folder

## Collaborating on the Project

### Getting the Project
To get this project, you have to use git. Unfortunately, as you probably don't
want to use cmd, you are likely using a gui to help you with git, which means
that the method you get this project varies. The directions can be found below

(If you don't have the project):

1. "Clone" the project with the corresponding url. The url is:
   https://github.com/Peachball/Ironleaf.git
2. Keep track of where you cloned it...

### Editing the project without screwing other people
Assuming you have the project somewhere, and you know how to use the
commit/push/pull/fetch/merge/branch commands...

If you feel that you have something worth pushing, you should:

1. **"Pull" the branch that you are on**
	* If you don't do this, step 3 might fail, which will cause weird problems

2. Resolve any merge conflicts
	* Your git gui thing should tell you which files have merge conflicts
	* You should probably just look up how to do this...
3. Push the new branch to the server

### Running the project
To run this project:

1. Open Unity
2. Wait patiently for it to finish loading up everything
3. Click on the open tab, and select the directory containing this file
4. You're done!
